Fix failed server restart calling integration hooks twice (#7917)
withastro/astro: .changeset/metal-chairs-beam.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Prevent integration hooks re-trigger if server restart on config change, but the config failed to load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent integration hooks from re-trigger if the server restarts on config change, but the config fails to load.
```
